seth debug and seth run-tx (#388)
dapphub/dapptools: src/seth/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unreleased

### Added
- New commands: 
  - `seth source <address>` fetches the contract source from etherscan
  - `seth bundle-source <address>` fetches contract source and compiles to combined json
  - `seth run-tx <tx-hash> [--debug, --source <file>, --state <repository>]`,
  set hevm options according to the options given and `hevm exec`

>   - `seth debug <tx-hash> [--no-src]` download etherscan source, execute previous txs in block and enter into an hevm interactive mode for the given tx. `--no-src` skips the first step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `seth debug <tx-hash> [--no-src]` downloads etherscan source, executes previous txs in block and enters into an hevm interactive session for the given tx. `--no-src` skips the first step.
```

> 

Reviewer: Why such newline

Author: ends the sublist

> - `seth block` can now be passed `--full` option, which returns the full block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `seth block` can now be passed the `--full` option, which returns the full block.
```
